Define static constant with the number of Bits s_nBits in the jump matrix

review SFMT19937 matrix parameters

define semantic of XMT vs VMT: I think XMT is when the vlensize = hwlensize. vmt is for vlensize > hwlensize

Results
- Generate results and save results in the log folder. For each set of results we save CPU features, OS, Compiler.
- We will run on multiple confirguration to store multiple set of results
- We run with the --slow option while the machine is not doing anythign else

Review paper
 - general readibilty and clarity
 - show results in compact form and describe results.
 - add proper conclusions
 - any additional reference?

doc Introduction: the doc does not talk about the 64-bit variation.
For the 128 bit variation, mention that while this fits well 128 but regsiter because it has 128-bit word, it is effectively not a vectorization.
Lets prefix hexadecimal constants with 0x to make it clear they are hexadecimal.
d sometime is represented in hexadecimal, sometimes in binary. Let's be consistent and use hexadecimal everywhere.
SFMT seems quite different from MT and the constants are different. Is it fair that it share the "common framework" section with the others?
Add descipriotn of XMT, which is my vectorization of the various algos as they are, it suffers from the said limittations, I consider it as an intrastate vectorization and can act as  a benchmark.

Review README page

Use templates here
template <> struct GenTraits<mt64>
{
    typedef MT19937_64Matrix /*use template*/ matrix_t;
    static const size_t power2 = 0;
};

Remove jump matrix argument from XMT constructors

Encapsulate as methods generators classes code which used generator constants?

Introduce dynamic dispatching?

Add support for Intel AVX-10 architecture? Perhaps premature.

Should we remove QryBlk16 ? Does it add value?

Check if per test throughput are computed correctly (try with slow), increase the number of repetatiions, the evarge time should remain constant.
Are doing the same number of repetitions in the various cases for a fair comparison?

There are some non-trivial SIMD methods. Some are etsted. Add tests for them.

Simplify exposed templates

Add an easy constructor which pick the correct matrix?

Let's consider if to generate all jump matrices up to 2^64 for common jumps?












